Storing Data
     We could store data in a spread sheet (or tables).
     ERD - entity relationship diagram, where each spread sheet is represented
          on a table.
     
     Entity Relationship Diagrams
     An entity relationship diagram (ERD) is a common way to view data in a database.

     Terms to remember:
     SQL  A language that allows us to access data stored in a database.
     ERD  A diagram that shows hows data is structured in a database.
     Database  A collection of tables that share connected data stored in a computer.


     
     SQL - structured query language

     There are some major advantages to using traditional relational databases, 
     which we interact with using SQL. The five most apparent are:
          - SQL is easy to understand.
          - Direct access to data.
          - Audit and replicate data.
          - SQL is a great tool to analyze multiple tables at once.
          - SQL allows you to analyze more complex questions than dashboard tools 
            like Google Analytics.
     
     Why Businesses Like Databases

     Databases store data so we could access them later..or anytime.
     1. Data integrity is ensured - only the data you want entered is entered, and 
     only certain users are able to enter data into the database.

     2. Data can be accessed quickly - SQL allows you to obtain results very 
     quickly from the data stored in a database. Code can be optimized to quickly 
     pull results.

     3. Data is easily shared - multiple individuals can access data stored in 
     a database, and the data is the same for all users allowing for consistent 
     results for anyone with access to your database.

     A few key points about data stored in SQL databases:
     1.   Data in databases is stored in tables that can be thought of just like Excel spreadsheets.
     2.   All the data in the same column must match in terms of data type.
     3.   Consistent column types are one of the main reasons working with databases is fast.

     
     SQL statements:

          SELECT statement
          SELECT statement order sql to return data from a certain table.
          Examples:
               SELECT * 
               FROM table_name;
          So, 'SELECT', basically selects which column, where 'FROM' specifies
          which table to query data from.

          LIMIT 
               Limits the number of rows returned.
               SELECT *
               FROM orders
               LIMIT 100

               The above statement will return the first 100 rows.
               This can be much faster for loading than if we load the entire dataset.
               The LIMIT command is always the very last part of a query.

          

